Okay, so
I wasn't very positioned in the frame.
Okay, all right,
now I'm looking right at the camera.
And we're now getting into another
little issue that we have here.
Any idea why I'm getting this
very weird corner of my forehead?
>> Canva size?
>> The size of these two
things is different.
We didn't set any canvas size,
any width or
height on our element in the canvas, and
the video has some size that it is getting
from the camera that's attached, right?
So they may or may not line up.
And so
probably what we wanna do is make sure
that we are drawing
the right size of things.
And this is again where all those
arguments to our draw functions come in.
We can poke around,
we can try a few different things.
Like, for example, we can do like video
Width is a property that we should have.
Let's just try logging it.
Whoa, console that console, okay.
And then on the canvas element,
I believe we also have access
to a width property also it's
a property it's not a function,
[LAUGH] everything is a function
until it's not a function.
Okay, so let's, [LAUGH] Just log these
as we draw this misshapen photo.
See what happens.
Okay, so you see the canvas, I believe the
default width for the canvas element if
you don't set one, is 300 pixels wide,
whereas the video is 640 pixels wide.
So that's not gonna happen.
That's not gonna help us, right?
We can make sure that we're
drawing the width here,
video.video width if we want to make sure
that we're drawing all 600 and 40 pixels,
we can do that and then we also match it
with there's a corresponding video height.
But.
Once again, if the canvas is too small,
that ain't gonna happen so we can scale
down like for example, we could do some
multiplying of ratios to like scale down
the ratio of the widths of the heights to
whatever the width of the canvas is, etc.
But for now, in the interest
of getting on with our lives,
let us just set the width on our canvas.
I wonder, let's see, can we mess with it?
Can this width equals video width?
I don't know.
Will it work?
Let's find out.
Will it blend?
Doesn't seem like it.
Well, all right.
No, it worked on the width.
>> Yap,
>> At least now I have a whole forehead.
[LAUGH] But I don't believe in our,
yes, there is a height.
Let's do it, let's set the height as well,
okay, canvas.height = video.videoHeight.
And now, I mean,
we could use either of these
properties now in our draw image call.
Moment of truth, drumroll please.
[LAUGH] The most beautiful
photo ever taken.
[LAUGH] Okay.
All right, do I look super silly?
Sure I do.
But, did we take a selfie
with JavaScript and
a whole bunch of modern APIs and
a modern build tool with a fancy logo?
Also yes, so the takeaway here
is hopefully that although
this may not be the most exciting piece
of the puzzle, it's a lot of fun.
[LAUGH] The most exciting
node package ever written.
It's [LAUGH] also going to be
[LAUGH] a way to a small project
that we can use to teach
ourselves about all these
different APIs that we can then go on and
dig deeper into.
So where we're going to leave us off here,
it's not on my face,
is essentially with the idea
that like now that we have
been through a whole bunch of
small projects, we did our modals,
and we did our, and
we got lots of errors, and we.
Found out lots of ways that
our assumptions can be wrong.
And we had a few quick and
not so quick wins along the way.
And also so there is a version of
my code up in this repository.
Some of you might have
already clicked this button.
I have committed the cardinal sin of not
having a readme in this repo, sorry.
But in github/vacila, vacila,
or that's my name and initial.
And then selfie minus cam is where you can
find the source code that is not go be
identical to what we just
typed out together, but
basically does the same thing.
And that is also linked on
the course landing page.